Proposal: Add templates for Issues and PRs (#2611)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest a new feature in rust-libp2p.
---

<!--

> Note: If you'd like to suggest an feature related to libp2p but not specifically related to the rust implementation, please file an issue at https://github.com/libp2p/libp2p instead. Even better, create a new topic on the forums (https://discuss.libp2p.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: If you'd like to suggest an feature related to libp2p but not specifically related to the rust implementation, please file an issue at https://github.com/libp2p/specs instead.
```

Is anyone still using `libp2p/libp2p`?

I would suggest we keep discuss.libp2p.io for helping folks. I would prefer any design work to happen on libp2p/specs.

Author: I copied that part from the go-libp2p template: https://github.com/libp2p/go-libp2p/blob/e8d3df92f7a6f72475dcd028496be2c6923fcb3a/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md?plain=1#L8 (cc @marten-seemann).
But keeping design work to a single place, that is libp2p/specs, sounds good to me.

-->

## Description

<!-- Briefly describe the feature that you are requesting.-->

## Motivation

<!-- Explain why this feature is needed.-->

## Requirements

<!-- Write a list of what you want this feature to do.-->

1.
2.
3.

## Open questions

<!-- Optional: use this section to ask any questions that are related to the feature.-->

## Are you planning to do it yourself in a pull request?

> <!--Any contribution is greatly appreciated. We are more than happy to provide help on the process.-->

Reviewer: This is cool! I like emphasizing the fact that this project is open to external contributions.
